mind your decisions i'm presh tell
walker logic and intelligence tests like
this one often spread across social
media but this particular problem is
based on a well-defined
mathematics puzzle suppose we have a
binary operation on real numbers X and Y
such that X combines with Y to be a
times X plus B times y plus C for
constants a B and C you are given that 3
& 5 combined to be 16 and 4 & 7
combined to be 30 what do 1 & 1 combine
to be this problem is from the online
mathematics challenge of 2020 pause the
video if you'd like to give this problem
a try when you're ready keep watching to
learn how to solve this problem
[Music]
we know what X&Y combined to be and we
have the three and five combined to be
16 therefore we have three a plus five B
plus C is equal to sixteen since four
and seven combined to be 30
we have four a plus seven B plus C is
equal to 30 we want to figure out the
value of 1 and 1 which is the value of a
plus B plus C let's focus on these two
equations to get started a standard
technique in these types of problems is
to manipulate the two equations so let's
subtract the second equation from the
first will cancel out the C terms and we
get a plus 2 B is equal to 14 now let's
take these same two equations and we'll
add them together we get 7 a plus 12 B
plus 2 C is equal to 46 let's work with
these two resultant equations
let's multiply the second equation by
negative five we'll get negative five a
minus ten B is equal to negative seventy
we will then add this equation to the
first equation we then get 2a plus 2b
plus 2c is equal to negative 24 now all
we have to do is divide this equation by
two and we get a plus B plus C is equal
to negative twelve and a plus B plus C
is exactly what 1 and one combined to be
therefore our answer is negative twelve
thanks for joining me in today's mental
workout see you soon
as we continue to solve the world's
problems one video at a time
[Music]